README.md, before:

# pathfileops Version 2

*pathfileops* is a software library or in *Go* parlance, a software *package*.

This package is written in the *Go* programming language, a.k.a 'golang'.
 
*pathfileops* provides software types and methods used in the management,
organization and control of disk files and directories.

*pathfileops* version 2 supports *Go* modules.

The source code repository for this package is located at:
  https://github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo.git

This package was developed and tested on Windows, although the package
was designed to operate on multiple operating systems including 
Mac-OS, Linux and Windows.

__`To date, the source code has only been tested on Windows.`__

___    
[Source Code Documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2)    
___


# Table Of Contents
+ [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Supported Platforms](#supported-platforms)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Source Code Import](#source-code-import)
+ [Production File Location](#production-file-location)  
+ [Version](#version)
+ [Source Code Documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2)
+ [Primary Types](#primary-types)
  - [File Helper](#filehelpler)
  - [Directory Manager](#dirmgr)
  - [File Manager](#filemgr)
  - [Collections](#collections)
+ [Dependencies](#dependencies)
+ [Tests](#tests)
+ [License](#license)
+ [Comments And Questions](#comments-and-questions)

# Getting Started 

## Supported Platforms
This package was developed and tested on Windows, although the package
was designed to operate on multiple operating systems including 
Mac-OS, Linux and Windows.

__`To date, the source code has only been tested on Windows.`__

## Installation
Use this command to down load and install the *pathfileops* package
locally. Note: Version 2+ supports *Go* modules.

    go get github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2

To update the package run:
    
    go get -u github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2

## Source Code Import        
You will need to import and reference this package in your source code
files.

To import version 2, which DOES support *Go* modules and provides the 
latest features, use the following import statement:

        import (
            "MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2"
        )    


To import legacy version 1, which does NOT support *Go* modules, use the
following import statement:

        import (
            "MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops"
        )    

## Production File Location
All of the active production files are located in directory path:

     github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2

## Version

This is Version 2.0.0.

This version DOES support *Go* modules.

This version requires *Go* Version 1.12 or later.

___    
[Source Code Documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2)    
___

## Primary Types
      
This package incorporates three primary types: 
    
    1. FileHelper
    
    2. DirMgr
    
    3. FileMgr

#### FileHelpler
The type, *FileHelper* is located in directory *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2*.
The source code is located in source file, *filehelper.go*. This type includes
a variety of general utility functions for managing files and directories.

#### DirMgr
The type, *DirMgr*, is located in directory *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2*.
The source code is located in source file, *dirmanager.go*. Directory Manager
is designed to manage file paths or directories. *DirMgr* is dependent on type
*FileHelper* discussed above.

#### FileMgr 
The type, *FileMgr*, is located in directory *./pathfilego/pathfileopos/v2*. 
The source code is located in source file, *filemanager.go*. The File Manager
type is designed to manage disc files. *FileMgr* is dependent on *FileHelper*
and *DirMgr*, discussed above.

### Collections
This library also provides collections to manage groups of file and directory
managers.

1. DirMgrCollection - Processes and manages collections of type 'DirMgr'

2. FileMgrCollection - Processes and manages collections of type 'FileMgr' 

3. FileOpsCollection - Manages collections of operations performed on disk
 files.
 
### Dependencies
The three types discussed above are interdependent.

1. *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2/filehelper.go*

2. *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2/dirmanager.go*

3. *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2/filemanager.go*

## Tests
This version includes 1,793 tests with a source code coverage of 82%.
All tests are currently completing successfully as documented in the
following text file:

      '../pathfilego/pathfileops/v2/xx_tests.txt'


## License
Copyright 2019 Mike Rapp. All rights reserved.

Use of this source code is governed by the (open-source)
MIT-style license which can be found in the LICENSE file
found in this directory.

## Comments And Questions

Send questions or comments to:

    mike.go@paladinacs.net

Commit message:

Added tests for new method DirMgrCollection.SortByAbsPath(). Deleted 3rd party libraries used by examples.

README.md, after:

# pathfileops Version 2

*pathfileops* is a software library or in *Go* parlance, a software *package*.

This package is written in the *Go* programming language, a.k.a 'golang'.
 
*pathfileops* provides software types and methods used in the management,
organization and control of disk files and directories.

*pathfileops* version 2 supports *Go* modules.

The source code repository for this package is located at:
  https://github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo.git

This package was developed and tested on Windows, although the package
was designed to operate on multiple operating systems including 
Mac-OS, Linux and Windows.

__`To date, the source code has only been tested on Windows.`__

___    
[Source Code Documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2)    
___


# Table Of Contents
+ [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Supported Platforms](#supported-platforms)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Source Code Import](#source-code-import)
+ [Production File Location](#production-file-location)  
+ [Version](#version)
+ [Source Code Documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2)
+ [Primary Types](#primary-types)
  - [File Helper](#filehelpler)
  - [Directory Manager](#dirmgr)
  - [File Manager](#filemgr)
  - [Collections](#collections)
+ [Tests](#tests)
+ [License](#license)
+ [Comments And Questions](#comments-and-questions)

# Getting Started 

## Supported Platforms
This package was developed and tested on Windows, although the package
was designed to operate on multiple operating systems including 
Mac-OS, Linux and Windows.

__`To date, the source code has only been tested on Windows.`__

## Installation
Use this command to down load and install the *pathfileops* package
locally. Note: Version 2+ supports *Go* modules.

    go get github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2

To update the package run:
    
    go get -u github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2

## Source Code Import        
You will need to import and reference this package in your source code
files.

To import version 2, which DOES support *Go* modules and provides the 
latest features, use the following import statement:

        import (
            "MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2"
        )    


To import legacy version 1, which does NOT support *Go* modules, use the
following import statement:

        import (
            "MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops"
        )    

## Production File Location
All of the active production files are located in directory path:

     github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2

## Version

This is Version 2.0.0.

This version DOES support *Go* modules.

This version requires *Go* Version 1.12 or later.

[Release Notes](./pathfileops/v2/releasenotes.md)

___    
[Source Code Documentation](https://godoc.org/github.com/MikeAustin71/pathfileopsgo/pathfileops/v2)    
___

## Primary Types
      
This package incorporates three primary types: 
    
    1. FileHelper
    
    2. DirMgr
    
    3. FileMgr

#### FileHelpler
The type, *FileHelper* is located in directory *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2*.
The source code is located in source file, *filehelper.go*. This type includes
a variety of general utility functions for managing files and directories.

#### DirMgr
The type, *DirMgr*, is located in directory *./pathfilego/pathfileops/v2*.
The source code is located in source file, *dirmanager.go*. Directory Manager
is designed to manage file paths or directories. *DirMgr* is dependent on type
*FileHelper* discussed above.

#### FileMgr 
The type, *FileMgr*, is located in directory *./pathfilego/pathfileopos/v2*. 
The source code is located in source file, *filemanager.go*. The File Manager
type is designed to manage disc files. *FileMgr* is dependent on *FileHelper*
and *DirMgr*, discussed above.

### Collections
This package also provides collections to manage groups of file and directory
managers.

1. DirMgrCollection - Processes and manages collections of type 'DirMgr'

2. FileMgrCollection - Processes and manages collections of type 'FileMgr' 

3. FileOpsCollection - Manages collections of operations performed on disk
 files.

## Tests
This version includes 1,793 tests with a source code coverage of 82%.
All tests are currently completing successfully as documented in the
following text file:

      '../pathfilego/pathfileops/v2/xx_tests.txt'

[How To Run Tests Documentation](./pathfileops/v2/wt_HowToRunTests.md)

## License
Copyright 2019 Mike Rapp. All rights reserved.

Use of this source code is governed by the (open-source)
MIT-style license which can be found in the LICENSE file
found in this directory.

[MIT License](./LICENSE)

## Comments And Questions

Send questions or comments to:

    mike.go@paladinacs.net
